--- HIGH ---

- windows installer -> Eric 10/7/02

- workflow documentation -> Bruce 10/2/02

- fix admin brackets to allow refreshes to work.  Currently if one hits
refresh after advancing, it advances again

- make sure remote brackets always recompute the list of teams.  If the
brackets go forward before a winner is decided, it'll never be displayed until
the brackets go back a run and then forward to force a recompute

- merge in changes to scoreboard pages that Trent made
  - scoreboard*/top10.jsp -> changed red/green assignment for div1/div2
  - scoreboard*/alldata.jsp -> changed SQL ORDER BY to Division, Team#

- move software to SourceForge and put this list into the bug tracking.  This
will also make it easier for others to subscribe to updates and to have
discussions about features...


--- MEDIUM ---

- don't allow subjective datafile to be downloaded unless the judges are all
correctly assigned

- add success pages for changes that currently just go back to the same
page that started them.  Example: standardize score

- after sorting language used column doesn't work right in subjective scoring
application

- query to show judges and number of teams scored during compute summarized
scores needs to handle the case where the same judge scores multiple
categories.  Currently this just shows twice hte number of teams

- no team name should be blank on webpages rather than 'null' or show the
school

- default sort in subjective score app should be by team number

- Need to move off of a cell or hit enter to get score entered in subjective
scoring app.  This is a real problem when switching categories because the
last score doesn't get entered.  Figure out how to fix this.

- make scrolling work in Mozilla

- get all of the styles done with stylesheets, I'm getting tired of copying
the same information into the body tags for the background images, etc.

- write out XML in a more human readable form when writing out subjective XML
files

- control of all display pages via application variables

- need a second PC back in the score room at state for doing computations,
printing, etc. at state

- need to display admin brackets full time in the performance area for
announcer and refs at state 

--- LOW ---

- need welcome screen with logo

- do a better job of figuring out how many runs to put in the drop down for
controlling the brackets  

- add report that shows all performance scores for a team

- remove extra whitespace in the title of the brackets pages (both 1024 and 800)

- add a total column to the subjective scoring app

- +/- buttons on score entry page should max/min the score instead of refusing
to change the score when close to a limit.  For example if the score is 3 and
-5 is pressed the score should change to be 0.

- make checkbox and choice box on score entry select team page obviously for
score edit

- allow one to specify styles in XML file so different sites can customize
look and feel.  Maybe allow specification someowhere else.


--- Next Year ---

- add jspc to build and figure out how to get jspc to build directories
properly

- Use Java Standard Tag Library to minimize amount of Java code in our jsps.

- make the edit tournaments page use update rather than wiping out the whole
table?

- figure out how to handle database permissions.  We can just have one user
with all permissions or multiple users with different levels of permissions.
We just need to make sure all of the code uses the correct user

- move subjective score entry stuff to its own page

- don't show scores in a bracket if a bye

- add a required attribute to subjectiveCategory called title for displaing
elements

- rename Regions table to Tournaments and Regions column in that table to
Name.  Also rename Teams.Region to Teams.tournament.

- support hierarchical tournaments

- support for enumerated goals - Queries.updateScoreTotals() needs to be
modified - scoreEntry.jsp needs to be modified

- need better error reporting in
fll.ScoreStandardization.checkDataConsistency(Connection).  In the original VB
a result set is queried as a table.  I'm not sure what's the best way to do
this, so for now it just spits back an error.

- Better interface on the subjective score app.  Rather than showing all
possible rows, just show a few and when the user tabs off the bottom add a new
row.

- compute bracket order rather than using hard coded SEED_ARRAY in
Playoff.java

- merge common code between scoreboard and scoreboard_800

- fix refresh of pages so we don't have to modify the browser settings to
override the cache.  Use 'Pragma: no-cache' header?
  1) Links to multiple cache sites: http://w6.metronet.com/~wjm/tomcat/2000/Dec/msg00249.html
  2) patch Tomcat: http://www.javaclue.org/tomcat/patch32/dopatch.html#cachecontrol

- make sorting/resizing in the subjective score application sticky when
changing categories and back

- button on the scoreboard to get back to the main index

- button on the playoff brackets to get back to the main index

- be consistent about Region vs Tournament

- be consistent about where one passes in the current tournament and where one
gets it from the database.  Just remove all places where it's passed in and
always get it from the database.

- make sure database connections get closed?  For now we just let Tomcat or
MySQL take care of it

- build app that will package up database and results to be sent back to us

- put up a warning when there are question marks in the final reports

- make some links open new window
  - e.g. scoreboard and brackets.

- need winzip on cd. or use jar in the instructions
   - I had to resort to jar.exe to unzip the subjective app at Lino Lakes

- add title to subjective cateogory elements and show them in the subjective
score application

- build new cvs tree for further development: remove 2002 from path, move
ChangeLog up to top of tree, get rid of extra directories like implementation,
put libaries in lib directory rather than inside WEB-INF.  Perhaps just put on
SourceForge.

- change division to be a text value, rather than a number?

- allow one to change TournamentParameters table from the web.  Just need to
add standardization params now.

- remove javascript onclick actions from buttons that are used to change a
hidden form variable to determine state.  Instead use named submit buttons and
check for it's existance in the submitted request.  The judges page is an
example of one that needs changing, as well as cancel on the score entry page.

- use session variables on the scoreboard so that the URL doesn't change and
cause the history to fill up.  The downside to this may be that the web
browser won't properly reload the page.
